You want me to follow you?
Dream on
Let me tell you
Even if he has nothing
I’d still willingly follow him
Because he’s a hundred times better than you
A thousand times, ten thousand times better
Fine
Since you two
Are so ungrateful
Don’t blame me for being ruthless
Stop
What do you want?
I want a hundred billion
Qín Ruò Yǔ
You’ve been a manager at Qín Shì for so long
You can’t possibly not have that money
Fine
I agree
Ruò Yǔ
In my name
Immediately transfer a hundred billion to the Fù family
Yes
Right now
You’ve met my demands
Hurry up and release them
Ruò Yǔ
I didn’t misjudge you
Three years ago
You helped my company go public
Now you’re giving me a hundred billion